# Personality-Prediction-System-using-resume-analysis-and-shortlisting
                               Aim of this system is to shortlist required expert candidates in multiple business sectors and organizations. The system also helps to reduce workload of the human resources department. A right candidate for the desired job position can be shortlisted through this system. Recruiter can easily shortlist a candidate based on their online test marks and select the appropriate candidate for particular job profile. This will enable a more effective way to short list submitted candidate resumes from a large number of applicants providing a consistent and fair CV ranking policy. With the help of Neuro-Fuzzy logic, the goal can be achieved with more efficiency and less time. It is a combination of neural network and fuzzy logic.  Fuzzy Logic is an approach to variable processing that allows for multiple values to be processed through the same variable. Fuzzy logic attempts to solve problems with an open, imprecise spectrum of data that makes it possible to obtain an array of accurate conclusions. Fuzzy logic is designed to solve problems by considering all available information and making the best possible decision given the input. Fuzzy logic develops itself from previous experiences and provides more accurate results than the previous ones. The system is a web application which consists user logins and admin logins. With the help of this user can store one’s information and apply for jobs. Recruiter can post job positions and design tests as per the required skill sets. And can shortlist the best candidate .
